import Image from 'next/image'
import { SARA_IMAGE } from '../lib/constants'

export { default as default } from '../components/PageLayout'

# About me

My name is Sara Nyberg. I want to do everything I can, and as long as I can,
to reduce the emissions of greenhouse gases which are contributing to the
climate crisis we are in. I have been active for ten years in different
environmental and climate organisations and have a degree in environmental
and energy systems engineering.

Since three years I'm working in Stockholm, Sweden, as a consultant at the
company South Pole in many different projects, to help companies reduce
their emissions of greenhouse gases. I'm mainly performing carbon footprint
calculations, but m also supporting companies with climate action reporting
(to CDP), to set Science Based Targets (SBTs) and to develop emission
reduction strategies.

In my free time I love to be in nature: skiing in winter, sailing in summer
and hiking during large parts of the year. Being in nature makes me feel
much more connected with it, and I get to appreciate the beauty of it,
increasing my will to take care of it. I see it almost as a wonder to be
able to drink water directly from a creek in the Swedish mountain areas, or
to pick and eat an apple from an apple tree in the garden. These small
wonders are not possible in parts of the country and the world where water
has been polluted by humans, or where we have used pesticides killing bees,
limiting the pollination of apple tree flowers. Therefore we humans need to
change our relationship to nature: from seeing it as a unlimited resource we
can pollute and extract things from to something we need to respect and take
care of.

<Image
    src={SARA_IMAGE}
    alt="Sara Nyberg"
    width={720}
    height={480}
    quality={80}
/>

## Why SaraNewmountain.earth?

The direct translation of my last name Nyberg to English is Newmountain. To
reach a wider audience I'm writing in English on this website, so to use the
English translation of my name is more in line with this. But I also love
mountains! I love to be in nature, to move my body (hiking, skiing, etc.),
and to admire views over vast landscapes. The third reason to call this
website SaraNewmountian.earth is to relate to the challenges we are facing
on our earth. You cam compare the challenge of tackling the climate crisis
with climbing a tall mountain: It is very tough and needs a strong
commitment, but it is not impossible. Every little step takes you closer to
the goal. Reaching the top is a more concrete goal than avoiding more than
1.5°C global warming, but nevertheless both are worth fighting for.

## Contact

Do you have any feedback on my posts or other content of my website? I'd
very much appreciate your thoughts, to know how I can improve my
communication! For the posts I have a lot of ideas, but it's nice to hear
what you as a reader would be interested in reading about. [Email me](mailto:sarasustainable@gmail.com) or write to me via
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sara-newmountain).

<>
    {/* <h2>Voluntary engagements and achievements - PER ENAGEMANG ELLER TIMELINE? SE MINA ACHIEVEMENTS I TODOIST</h2>
    <ul>
        <li>YES Europe - HUR GÖR JAG NÄSTA NIVÅ AV UNDERPUNKTER?</li>
        <li>PUSH Sverige (PUSH Sweden)</li>
        <li>YOUNGO (tech mech WG, TEC, CTCN)</li>
    </ul> */}
</>
